the peninsular demand
sergio massa
sun manuel salinas
I will accompany you to know the most important technology in the world
venezuela and latin america welcome access max
massive access
Venezuelans rely more and more on you electronic banking
3d animations what serves
judicial evidence
the 2011 in venezuela
abrams carlton cell phones as a person
to enter the peninsula tec
marc coma is added
more information
we are always surprised when we see how the scientists in the movies
and police series
reconstruct the scenes of the crimes the accidents today you're going to
surprise more when you see that in Venezuela that type of
technology
the animation team was unfaithful 13 full points based in Caracas
For several years now, Harry has been building traffic accidents
the industrial
as well as scenes of crimes are not enough previous and subsequent
the animation service presented is oriented
to be lent in this framework, whether provincial
covers the prosecution the police bodies personal play
that is involved
made a sinister
thus the judicial and police authorities
have more opportunities to solve the gil it was not clear if those
accidents
the process of sending computer animation
what is going to allow what the fright óbolo the interested part of that
lawyer a fiscal judge
have the greatest clarity and greatest
possibility of d
see beyond what happened
this is possible, one of the software is already being used
most popular for the rectification of accidents and will be
this program allows to manage environment 2 6 and 3 6 to reconstruct in a way
digital is in this event it ends
make planimetries represents the trajectories said law
positioning and other evidence crisis
all this happened career
for process that must forensic animation opare process of creation of
an animation
can be achieved through the software disp viso experiment
they made canada view of geeks 3
which has the possibility of dépor and entar
collect
all the forensic evidence a scene written in a punishable fact a fact of
transit a criminal dinner where from a point suddenly it
specific
oriented as a cardinal point oriented with a baseline
it's possible
set up
the ages d of the punishable act or of the traffic accident
in a way ps and way
for one hundrerd
if you can go exactly
the animations
are made following three consecutive steps the first the creation of
the celac having oriented or departing the diagrams photograph that uncovered
the experience
marc has braked trailing mark in case of traffic accident
ballistic trajectory in case of being the first
certainly another element that allows p the development of people
in a virtual space
michelin dose means taking away your decision to each of the
protagonists of the real event in a digital division is said
nests can be seen three buildings
for his stepchildren Tuesday and foreigners
and is that they were jail on the case
the day doing
the development
of the raed of the objects
of the objects inside the virtual dinner
erc wants that such as percent
vehicle trees
p people
finally AIDS movements
each of the elements inserted in the physical space
123 the center of the field
resources to handle these two assumptions in a professional manner
who want to develop as experts in virtual reconstruction that
Cyclist scene
they must have a type of e
basically for
efe orient rascal
to the interested person or person who wants to learn about ram inta
efe
must fundamentally have
knowledge of the girl
where you are going to play silva you want to play in the area
of a criminal act of course must be criminalists and is going to play
in the traffic accident area by soto that should be
an expert in accident recovery now this to ensure that the
process
that executes the official leaf point
efe is about the accident
will be able to be interpreted correctly by the person who is going to
encourage the accident
the animation team was interpreter has done innumerable animation
it's for individuals
the state deficit
being admitted a lot
in the courts of our country
others reaching
the seal be specified in the points
if you want to know more about this company with national talent
you can visit his sad website twice
animation point was that sad
and noted about it
Venezuela